REQ-ID:MD2-NFR1
Description:The returned credit value must be returned with the same accuracy and precision as the original purchase value calculation
Type:Non-Functional (Accuracy - Type 12)
Rationale: Crediting different values from the original prices will generate severe customer dissatisfaction with associated remedial workload
Fit Criterion:The value credited for returned tickets should exactly match the price the customer paid for those specific tickets, before any further discounts or commissions are added to the credit value
Originator:MD
Comments: [M814-ModuleChair] Add comments below, making sure to include your initials in [] at the start.
Comments: [SA] Is this not a functional requirement defining what a function must do? however i do see that the overal goal is based on the user experience, perhaps the description should be more generic about the customer should not be in a worse position than they started out with or words to that effect, but keep your Rationale and Fit Criterion
Comments: [JS] I agree that this is a function requirement. Maybe another approach is to provide a non-function requirement specifying how long the refund should take to be processed for example.
[PS] I agree upon the discussion that this is a functional requirement. Two things I would like to add: Polly (represented by Sebastián) already announced the possibility to add admin fees for the return, therefore it is not guaranteed that a full refund will be made.(https://learn2.open.ac.uk/mod/forumng/discuss.php?d=2849288#p20344023). Regarding the idea to constraint the duration of the refund you should keep in mind that in TMA1 we got the information that payments will be processed by a separate, already existing system. 
[MD] This NFR is intended to address accuracy. The processing of the refund may require different logic from the original purchase. The processes execute across two systems and may require numeric values to be stored in, and transformed between, different variable types. During this process 'significant figure' errors can surface. This NFR is to ensure the credit calculation processes replicates exactly that of the original purchase. Clarifications added to Description and Fit Criterion.